The Joe Rogan experience.
I have them push an ice pick through my arm every night, which is like,
you don't want to hit a break you'll, you know,
anything or an artery or anything. So, but I,
and I let them choose a spot, by the way. I also brought the ice pick.
If you do, do want us. Cause I, I know that, you know, it's real, but I should.
I believe it's real.
You want to see it?
I have to admit I haven't done my tour really itching to do it.
Is that what's going on here? What.
I'd like you to do it? Just to see that it is like pretty straightforward. Oh,
I believe it's straightforward,
but I brought one with me and I got the alcohol from.
The leave that girl at the port.
And so you're stitching your mouth shut. Yeah. But so see that.
So what I was able to do with the state show is I bring people up on stage and I
have the cameras at the big screen. So you see people reacting to this stuff.
So it's the magic plus the reaction. So you get that whole,
and this girl's really into it. Look at her.
So you do this all the time, the stitching, the mouth shut.
I would imagine you would accumulate some scar tissue. Now the I.
That one's easy, but this one's legit. This one,
I used to do it through the hand. This is the ice iceberg.
This one I used to do through the hand.
And I developed so much scar tissue that like,
when I moved my fingers a certain way, I get a shooting pain.
So I stopped doing the hands and I switched to here. Hmm.
That makes sense. I would, I would imagine that would really your hands.
Up. Uh it's from the.
COVID test. So wait, but.
So I might have to sit next to yours. Do.
You want me to do this? To use this what's going on here?
I can come over to your side. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right.
Wait don't you need the, or you can put those on I'll just come walk over.
Should I take the thing off you can, if you like.
We'll both be basically talking to the same.
Mind, but we can do it sitting. Yeah. But can you put those on time? Yeah, sure.
Mike work. Okay. Jane, we'll turn this mic on. Yeah.
And I'll crank this thing over to here.
So you choose what you want the left or the right? Uh,
let's do the right since it's right next to me. Okay. Okay. Do you want.
Them to commit and see it as well? No.
Okay. Good enough. Okay. So now.
This is not a new ice pick and usually I do it with new ones,
which means this isn't as sharp as it needs to be.
Something means push is going to be a little difficult, I guess.
Why do you like to do this? Are these ones.
That you give us these pure alcohol? Yes. Yes.
I mean, they're just the standard ones that you get.
That's fine. I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, you want to make sure there's no scent in it or anything?
No. I want to make sure that there's no bacteria.
In it. I mean, on the alcohol. Oh yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. Um, why.
Do you enjoy this? You seem you're. Well, first.
Of all, it's amazing that you can actually do something like this.
Like it's nothing. So there's a guy named mirror in dyo. Can you pull up mirror?
Dyo you think? So mirroring the dial.
It's this guy and nobody believed he was doing it for real.
And he would take rapiers and he would have them push through right through
the middle of his body, through his lungs and everything.
He would show on all sides and then they would pull them out and he'd be
perfectly fine. He and every, every doctor and saying, oh, you can't do that.
But so remember when Steve Irwin died, do you know why he died? No.
Cause he pulled this thing, right thing out of his heart,
this thing stopped him and he pulled it out. Right? Crocodile.
He kept it in there. He would have lived right after that.
A 70 year old man was on his boat and a sting rate jumped up out of the water,
stung him in the heart and then staying where he was gone.
But though I didn't even. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Look at that. Isn't that crazy.
But the fact that you can actually do this is what's crazy.
Like the body can you, with your mind, you can override. And then the thing is,
he got so cocky though, that he thought he could do anything.
And then he ate one of these things. He swallowed it and it killed him,
but I didn't turn away. He died. But see, he got really cocky with,
because he was like, I can do anything.
That is insane. So he's is he going through his liver?
He can go through anything. And that's what I'm saying.
So the seven year old guy that got the sting rate to it,
stabbed him in the heart instead of pulling it out, which it's like a cork stru.
He waited until they,
with doctors till it beat out the other side and he was fine.
You see? Wow.
So instead of pulling it out, he waited until what.
Time? And the doc, the doctors waited and with the heart,
they let it beat out the other side and they slowly let it come out and went
through his whole body. They could, if they would have pulled it,
it's like a corkscrew. It would rip him apart. He would die.
How long did it take for it to beat through it? I.
Don't know, but I know that the doctors, what they did is they let it go through
how many times this guy gets stabbed. Love them. That one, by the way,
right there, that's a safe place. That's like not an issue,
but when you go through the lungs and stuff, it's crazy. Look, it's great.
But this is too much on show. It's too like too.
Much sword, man. But that's what I'm saying. That one.
Listen, he's shut up.
But so what happened was he started to get too cocky.
He started to think he was fine.
Oh Jesus Christ.
But, okay. So, but listen to the origin of this trick though.
That's not a trick. No, but I know, but listen.
So the origin of this is as a kid,
there's that trick where they do needle through arm, I guess. Right.
And it's like the rubber, some, you know,
the stuff and it sticks your skin together. That looks perfect.
It looks like it's really through your arm.
And then they like squeeze blood out of the thing they put. So I saw that.
And then I was like, but maybe that's like actually doable.
Like maybe that trick could really be done. So like the same exact trick,
but for real. Right. So that's okay. Okay.
So you take that. Okay. Like I said,
it's going to be a little tricky to push through just because the it's usually
sharp and this time it's not as short.
But how do you know where to do it? You weren't going to pick,
there's no hidden art.
How do I know I'm not going to hit an artery that.
Can kill you, but I want to figure if you die. So.
You want me to just write here anywhere? Sure.
What's where do you prefer wherever you want? Like right there. Wow, sure.
I don't know, but I yeah. Do it there where you want.
Do it where you, well, when you say where I was sure,
like where do you like it to go through it? Well.
The bottom, no, I liked where you were going. Like you're you're I mean, that's,
that's fine, but you're to have to go like through, well,
what do you want me to do? Yeah. You're going to push.
Through. Okay. She'll hold onto you here. Yeah.
Keep like a straight path. Okay. No, it goes
straight through. Yeah. Okay. Ready? Slowly and go slow.
Yeah. Good lift.
See that? Yep. See.
So it's hard to believe that it's real. We keep pushing.
Keep going. Keep going. Wait.
Oh, hold on. Whoa.
What happened? I hit a nerve. Oh geez. Another spot. No.
No, no, no, no. Come on man. You gotta throw a spot.
You were hitting them nerves, but what if I your arm up man?
And then you can't hang from the balloon and then YouTube is mad at me.
Okay.
Okay. So by the way, honest to God, I never go in this direction.
Which way to go. I always go this direction inside the out.
I'm just saying of like the, of the, all the times I did it.
I've always gone this direct. Do you want.
Me to go that direction? I'm just telling I've never seen. Is that better? No.
So what's the difference? I'm just saying I've never done it.
This is the groundbreaking.
No I'm saying it's nuts. It's definitely nuts. A whole nurse again. Okay, good.
No, but from the bottom, like this like that. Yeah.
And then I'd go again and I would,
I would try to go like a straight path through like right there. No,
I would go like lower and, and like.
Just look there. I'd go. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It'd be like that. And keep,
hold on.
Wait, wait, push.
Yeah. Like that, like that. That's good. Yep.
We're on a clean path. We hit something, but it's fine. Now it was this, this,
I use the skin here and I push so you can see it come through. Push that's it.
Alrighty.
Super unnecessary. But uh,
does seem like a magic trick. Definitely. Doesn't seem like a magic trick now,
but hold on. There's blood vessels and everything. There's no blood. Well.
It's a very small hole in comparison to now it's a good sign.
There is blood on the other hole. Okay. Yeah. That's cause.
It's, it's the, you hit something.
And your body's healthy. So it's clotting up pretty quickly. Okay. All right.
Should I put it out? Yeah. Okay. Here we go. Hold it slow.
Cool. Cool.
And that's it. Okay.
So here, this is for you to keep.
[Inaudible].